[Music]
baked potato changed my life make potato
showed me the way if you want to know
what is wrong from right you must listen
to what potato say la chanson snake
indoors
thank you make potato on amazing roast
response a cubic potato and if you want
to have a better day
[Music]
don't say yeah
keep your distance make some space thank
you make with
[Music]
today is created as part of the big
night end we hope you enjoyed it we also
hope that if you possibly can you can
follow the link and make a donation
right now up and down the United Kingdom
charities are providing urgent help to
people who really need it most so she
got a couple of quid bonging in please
help
thank you